CHAOS-7732 Timeline view docs (#9537)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/experiments/timeline-view.md

---
title: Timeline View of Experiment
sidebar_position: 11
---

This topic introduces **Timeline View** and demonstrates how you can use it to visually analyze and track the progress of your chaos experiments.

## Before you begin, review the following

- [Chaos Experiment](/docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/experiments/)
- [Create Chaos Experiment](/docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/experiments/create-experiments)

:::info note
This feature is currently behind the feature flag `CHAOS_TIMELINE_VIEW_DEV`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable this feature.
:::

## What is Timeline View?
**Timeline View** provides a visual representation of all events associated with a **chaos experiment** during execution. It displays each event with their respective **timestamps**. 
For example, if a chaos experiment has a resilience probe configured, the timeline view displays it and the time when the probe execution began.

> In the diagram below, you can see pod delete experiment and its probe running serially with container kill and pod delete experiments (along with their respective probes) running in parallel in the timeline view. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the diagram below, you can see pod delete fault and its probe running serially with container kill and pod delete faults (along with their respective probes) running in parallel in the timeline view. 
```
